Good job you guys did
So many people gathered outside
What do you want me to do?
Mr. Wei, we really don't know that Director Chen
He has such a good relationship, my lord
It's all about Lin Yi, he's getting in the way
If not for him
It's not that serious at all, my lord
Lin Yi pair
Lin Yi, President of Jiangnan Dao Association
This time he came to Huaishui
I want to steal business from President Qian
That's him in front with his wrist.
So brave
I dare to count you as coming to my official's head to seek death
It's not good for adults
The people outside rioted
They're going in
Get out of here
Hmph, bold and unpleasant
Is it really easy to bully me?
We're going in.
We're going in we're going in
What are you doing?
Rebellion? Please withdraw your sins
Plan you dog official
I just saw the money with my own eyes
Fangs took the group into the Supervision Palace
Could it be that you took a bribe from them?
Want to cover them up
Nonsense
Does this official look like that kind of corrupt official?
Nonsense again
I will punish you for your sins
Hey, you guys, come and take a look
This dog official and that thief
Clearly a gang
They also want to arrest people
There is such a dog official
No wonder rice loses money in taxes every year.
Brothers, since this dog official doesn't care
Let's rush in
Zhuang told the emperor
Catch the dog thief
Go, go.
Rush in
Xuanfu experts are here, right?
And the people who asked you to arrange it are arranged.
It's right behind.
Everything is arranged, don't worry, the long queue is good.
Let's go now then. Hmm.